[Workers][Developer Platform] Add "Workers Platform" roles to "roles.mdx" (#22362)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/roles.mdx

| Cloudflare Zero Trust Read Only                              | Can access [Cloudflare Zero Trust](/cloudflare-one/) read only mode.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Cloudflare Zero Trust Reporting                              | Can access [Cloudflare Zero Trust](/cloudflare-one/) reporting data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | Developer Platform Read (Experimental)                       | Can read Cloudflare [Workers](/workers/), [Pages](/pages/), [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/). Also provides read access to Zones, [Zone Analytics](/analytics/account-and-zone-analytics/zone-analytics/) and [Page Rules](/rules/).                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Developer Platform Read Only (Experimental)                       | Can read Cloudflare [Workers](/workers/), [Pages](/pages/), [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/). Also provides read access to Zones, [Zone Analytics](/analytics/account-and-zone-analytics/zone-analytics/) and [Page Rules](/rules/).                                                                                                                                               |
```

Reviewer: Where does someone go to understand the read-only permissions that are included as part of "Developer Platform"?

Reviewer: Maybe Developer Platform (Workers) Read Only?

> | Developer Platform Read (Experimental)                       | Can read Cloudflare [Workers](/workers/), [Pages](/pages/), [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/). Also provides read access to Zones, [Zone Analytics](/analytics/account-and-zone-analytics/zone-analytics/) and [Page Rules](/rules/).                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Developer Platform Read (Experimental)                       | Read-only access to all products typically used as part of Cloudflare's Developer Platform, including [Workers](/workers/),
 [Pages](/pages/), [Durable Objects](/durable-objects/), [KV](/kv/) and [R2](/r2/), Zones, [Zone Analytics](/analytics/account-and-zone-analytics/zone-analytics/) and [Page Rules](/rules/). Cloudflare may add additional read-only permissions to this role as new products are introduced.                                                                                                                                             |
```
